Add an emphasis on QMK MSYS terminal (#21168)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/newbs_getting_started.md

### ** Windows **

> After installing QMK, open QMK MSYS and run the following command:

Reviewer: I'm now second-guessing myself as to how well this scans...

Reviewer: It's more specific than before but now reads like a double-positive

Reviewer 2: Could drop the first part?

Reviewer: `After installing QMK MSYS, open it and run the following command:` ?

Reviewer 2: Just `Open QMK MSYS and run the following command:`

Author: Done.

    qmk setup

In most situations you will want to answer `y` to all of the prompts.

### ** macOS **

> After installing QMK, open Terminal and run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open Terminal and run the following command:
```

    qmk setup

In most situations you will want to answer `y` to all of the prompts.

### ** Linux/WSL **

> After installing QMK, open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:
```

> After installing QMK, open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:

Reviewer 2: Also FreeBSD, I guess :)

Author: Missed that myself!

### ** Windows **

> After installing QMK you can set it up with this command in the QMK MSYS terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After installing QMK, open QMK MSYS and run the following command:
```
Same for the macOS section below:
```suggestion
After installing QMK, open Terminal and run the following command:
```
And Linux:
```suggestion
After installing QMK, open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:
```

Author: Added these recommendations.

###  ** FreeBSD **

> After installing QMK, open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open your preferred terminal app and run the following command:
```
